Add instructions to record SIG creation and stage change (#250)
ossf/tac: process/templates/SIG_NAME_sandbox_stage.md

## Creation of a new Special Interest Group (SIG) at Sandbox stage

### Proposed focus, intent, goals, and/or deliverables

  * Link to relevant documentation.

### List of interested individuals

> The initial membership should be at least 3 individuals from 2 different organizations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The initial membership should be at least three individuals from at least two distinct organizations
```

Notes:
1. There's often a style rule in favor of writing out numbers `1`...`9`.
2. I can't quite explain why I think `distinct` is better than `different`, but I think I'm right...
3. Can people be unaffiliated as opposed to be from organizations? (If so, can all interested individuals be unaffiliated?)
